c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\bin\Debug\Templates\MyExtFileTest.vspackage5Test
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\bin\Debug\Templates\VSPackage5.vsdir
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\bin\Debug\VSPackage5.dll
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\bin\Debug\VSPackage5.pdb
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\bin\Debug\VSPackage5.pkgdef
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\bin\Debug\VSPackage5.vsix
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\Interop.tom.dll
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage5.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\Company.VSPackage5.EditorPane.resources
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\Company.VSPackage5.EditorTextBox.resources
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\Company.VSPackage5.MyEditor.resources
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\Company.VSPackage5.Resources.resources
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage5.cto
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage5.dll
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage5.pdb
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage5.pkgdef
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage5.latest.pkgdef
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\andresay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VSPackage5\VSPackage5\obj\Debug\VSPackage5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
